i'm sure many of you guys know about
this twitch streamer this guy is massive
on twitch and we've talked about him a
lot in our videos over the last few
months
now destiny recently actually made some
comments about the riots going on in
america right now okay now there were
some people that thought that these
comments from destiny were over the top
and that he was going too far with what
he was saying here but destiny actually
ended up getting his entire partnership
revoked
on his twitch channel because of these
comments he said on his twitch stream
now i'm sure many of you guys know what
leafy is i mean he hasn't been banned
for that long but he's permanently
banned on youtube
only a few weeks ago okay in our last
video we talked about how he's
permanently banned he can no longer make
a youtube channel ever again
and it turns out that leafy got banned
off of twitch just last
night and twitch says here that the
safety of our community is our top
priority
and we reserve the right to suspend any
account for conduct that violates our
rules they went through his channel and
manually approved that it was within the
guidelines
and they reward him with monetization so
what changed in one week
leafy tweeted this out about his band
just when i started to have fun at
twitch
is there any way of appealing this it
was my first offense
and he shows you that he was banned
because he was engaging in hateful
conduct and threats of violence against
a person or a group of people
actually the youtuber boogie2988 tweeted
out here saying i do not like the kind
of content leafy makes
but the decision by both youtube and
twitch to d platform him
is worrisome and should be condemned let
sarcastic edgy content exist
meanwhile they do nothing about the real
manipulators and exploiters
on their platform and because of all of
this
destiny has decided not to
interact with any liberals or
socialists for a while and he's mostly
going to be talking to
outright or conservative people with uh
with conservatives and all writers
because the thing is is that like i just
i don't think i can get cancelled or
hurt by conservatives
it is not possible for the right wing
to be wrong about everything
it is not possible for conservatives
even if you are left-wing yourself or
moderately left of center yourself
you have to admit that left-wing people
can't pay attention to everything they
can't investigate
research or analyze everything at least
once in a while there will be
important voices of dissent there will
be
important information presented
by the right wing i'm jewish
i have jewish ancestry i have relatives
who died in the holocaust
i knew one holocaust survivor growing up
guess what adolf hitler was morally
opposed to cigarette smoking
he was especially strident in trying to
discourage
pregnant mothers from smoking cigarettes
he also
drank water and breathed air it's not
possible for the right wing to be wrong
about everything this is brianna taylor
you've probably heard a whole lot about
brianna taylor you've probably heard a
lot of news reports saying again and
again
that she had no criminal record there
was just
no reason for the police to be
investigating her
because she had no history of being a
drug dealer she had
no criminal record there was a murder
investigation
because a dead body was found in her car
and this was not a car that she owned
but like hadn't used for many years that
happens sometimes you might have bought
a car 10 20 years ago
still in your name no it was a rental
car
now i do not think brianna plotted this
murder
i do not think she had foreknowledge of
this murder
but the murder establishes the
connections
between her and this drug dealing gang
back in 2016. there were recorded
conversations by phone
iterating that she was holding thousands
of dollars
for multiple drug dealers there's
substantive
evidence including the tracking of what
cars went where
photographs again there is a body of
evidence there was an
ongoing police investigation that very
much placed
brianna taylor at the middle of
big money drug dealing and if you think
there's something unreasonable
about the police investigating brianna
taylor ask how you'd feel if you were a
blood relative
of the man who died in her car this
woman rented a car and it was your
cousin your brother your best friend
from high school
who turned up dead in her car wouldn't
you wait wait a minute how were these
other people involved what was going on
why was this man slayed in the car why
did she rent the car and and
give it to another man who gave it to
another man and who was the guy who shot
him and what was the motivation
how there are some questions to be asked
here
and only the right wing
has been asking them search youtube
itself
to try to find this information
searching within youtube you search for
brianna taylor drug dealer search for
any combination
of search trying to find a video
discussing the facts i've just set out
for you now which by the way
you can quote a hundred percent from
police documents there's not a lot of
investigative journalism
needed you can just directly quote the
police report and you know what
you're gonna find nothing you're going
to come into a very strange brick wall
of censorship
that exists within youtube that prevents
you from finding
right-wing and conservative sources and
again
i'm not conservative myself i'm not
right with myself
i'm just willing to admit they're a
source of dissent they're a source of uh
social commentary
that sometimes sometimes really matters
they can't they can't be wrong about
everything i mean they're wrong about
global warming
they're wrong about providing health
care to the poor there are all kinds of
issues they're wrong about i mean
they've mostly been wrong about gay
rights for the last 50 years now some
right-wingers are switching on the gay
rights issue
sure i can list all kinds of things
conservatives and you know right-wing
people are wrong about
they can't be wrong about everything
once in a while it must matter it must
really matter that you're able to access
and hear
that conservative or right-wing
perspective so in case you are
uncomfortable with hearing my
voice as a jewish man
publicly perceived as white recounting
these very basic facts about ronaldo
here is an african-american man you can
tell by the hat he's wearing
that he's somewhere on the spectrum from
conservative to far right waiting
here's an african-american man who has a
youtube video recounting the same facts
so now that you know the title of that
video
you could search youtube to find that
video right oh isn't that interesting
it's not the first result it is in fact
the fourth result even when you're
searching
for precisely that title but but those
other videos that are above it in the
search results they must have much much
uh greater numbers of viewers no they
don't look at the numbers it's
embarrassing
when you're searching for that precise
title
what do you get i've been doing this
experiment for many years and the
results have gotten worse and worse
they've gotten scary and scary
search for excuses for stalin with
whatever uh
combination terms was stalin really that
bad
um the video here on the left of these
three i actually find much more
disturbing than the one on the right but
these are videos
openly pro-mass murderer making excuses
for
and trivializing mass starvation these
are pro-communist
dictatorship videos and then compare the
search results you get when you change
stalin to hitler when you look for the
equivalent of the right
there's a very strange asymmetry in how
censorship
works once in a while this must really
matter right we must must have to value
dissent on on some issues
sometimes oh here are the search results
for eu
immigration politics you'd think this
wasn't controversial at all
you'd think there wasn't like a mass
movement in every country in europe
not always right wing not always
conservative of the way who are
rejecting
the mass immigration model of society
for some reason
youtube turns up 100 pro mass
immigration videos when i saw this
here's canada immigration politics this
was a huge issue just in the last
federal elections we have here there was
a new political party formed
on precisely this issue to challenge the
conservative party because the
conservative party
itself wasn't against mass immigration
enough so
if there's been a huge issue you
wouldn't know that from these
search results you wouldn't know this is
a contentious you wouldn't know there
was more than one perspective
you wouldn't know that there's dissent
at the risk of repeating myself i have
to say
an example that sticks out in my mind is
that
four years ago three years ago i can
remember
searching for evidence on the
assassination of
rfk that's the brother of jfk
two very different assassinations and i
can remember
the really high quality in-depth
discussions you'd get searching for that
here are the search results today
here's what you see on youtube today
looking up the assassination
of rfk this is 100 pro-government
propaganda
and if you guys haven't read about the
details of that case there is
very palpable evidence that the
government version of events
is [ __ ] it's not a crazy conspiracy
theory
on the contrary you'd have to be crazy
to believe the government's version of
events this type of censorship
touches my own life in ways you know
trivial and
profound i had a hit video on my channel
called final cut bro i didn't even know
it was a hit like i uploaded it and
within the first
week of it being online it only had
maybe 2 000 views
and i just i stopped paying attention i
don't i don't keep watching my own
videos after maybe the first two or
three days they're up
but it went on to have really a large
number of viewers
13 000 14 000 viewers so i decided to
search
for my own video by title yeah it's on a
controversial issue
not as controversial as joseph stalin or
adolf hitler but
isn't that remarkable final cut bro
and i'm nowhere in the search results
and then if i even specify no no no i
didn't mean final cut pro i click
on the search instead for final cut pro
i'm still
not in the search results oh and if you
think this other guy
if you think this youtube channel gets
tens of thousands of views that's coming
up in the results no it doesn't
look at the numbers he he's a brand new
channel nobody knows
in fact he probably ripped off the name
of his channel
from me because if you look at the dates
for when his channel was created and
when i put that video up
i had that play on words first i made
that joke first so if you want to say it
so
it's a joke anyone can come up with but
no i am mysteriously banned from the
search results for the unique phrase
final cut bro when what i'm saying is
not
nearly as challenging to the status quo
as uh
questioning um shall we say the ethics
of brianna taylor it's easy to say
you value freedom of speech it's easy to
say
that you value dissent and diversity of
opinion
and it's hard to practice nobody
saw this coming except the far right
wing you know
i don't remember anyone else five years
ago really saying if you let youtube
censor this they're gonna censor
everything and those guys those crazy
right-wing guys
they were correct they foretold the
future accurately
and i didn't because from my moderate
pragmatic
left of center perspective youtube would
have to be insane
to do exactly what they did and you want
to know why
conservatives and right wingers saw this
coming you want to know why they were
right
and i was wrong five years ago because
those guys have way more experience
with corporate america than i do i've
never worked inside corporate america
i don't understand the mentality the
managerial mentality
of the people who are in charge of
youtube and a whole lot of conservative
right-wing people
they really do understand it because
that's their world that's their career
path that's who those guys are
they work inside of banking and finance
and corporate governance and all this
stuff
all this stuff that to me ultimately is
much more distant exotic
and incomprehensible than the politics
of cambodia
and the politics of mongolia and what
went wrong with mao zedong all kinds of
stuff i've devoted my time to studying
and i never really devoted my time to
studying what goes wrong
when you take just one half step away
from
first amendment principles from
constitutional principles
governing what people can and can't say
the thing is is that like i just i don't
think i can get cancelled
or hurt by conservatives even if on
no other issue on this issue
the right wing was right